User Story 1: Create Tasks
As a user, I can create tasks so that I can track the things I need to do.
Acceptance Criteria
- System allows the user to create tasks.
- System adds newly-created task to default project when the user first opens 
  the app.

User Story 2: Specify Task Properties
As a user, I can specify properties for any task so that I can better track 
the things I need to do.
Acceptance Criteria
- System allows the user to specify the following properties for any task: 
  title, description, due date, and priority.

User Story 3: Create Projects
As a user, I can create projects so that I can group related tasks.
Acceptance Criteria
- System allows the user to create projects.
- System allows the user to specify associated project when creating a task.

User Story 4: View Projects
As a user, I can view all my projects so that I can easily navigate between 
different sets of tasks.
Acceptance Criteria
- System allows the user to view all projects

User Story 5: View Tasks
As a user, I can view all tasks in a project so that I can more easily 
manage my tasks.
Acceptance Criteria
- System allows the user to view all tasks in any project.

User Story 6: View Task Details
As a user, I can view detailed information for a task so that I can 
understand its specific requirements.
Acceptance Criteria
- System must allow the user to view additional information of any task in a 
  project.

User Story 7: Edit Tasks
As a user, I can edit tasks so that I can update or correct task 
information.
Acceptance Criteria
- System must allow the user to edit the following properties for any task:
  title, description, due date, priority, notes, and checklist.

User Story 8: Mark Tasks as 'Complete'
As a user, I can mark tasks as 'Complete' so that I can focus on remaining 
tasks.
Acceptance Criteria
- System allows the user to mark any task as complete.

User Story 9: Delete Tasks
As a user, I can delete tasks so that I can remove those which are no longer
relevant.
Acceptance Criteria
- System allows the user to delete any task.

User Story 10: View Tasks Due Today
As a user, I can view tasks which are due today so that I can more easily manage
my tasks.
- System allows the user to view tasks which are due today.

User Story 11: View Tasks Due This Week
As a user, I can view tasks which are due this week so that I can more easily
manage my tasks.
- System allows the user to view tasks which are due this week.

User Story 12: Task Persistence
As a user, I can have my tasks loaded when I re-open the app so that I don't
lose my data.
Acceptance Criteria
- System must persist all tasks.

User Story 13: Project Persistence
As a user, I can have my projects loaded when I re-open the app so that I don't 
lose my data.
Acceptance Criteria
- System must persist all projects.