User Story 1: Create Tasks
As a user, I want to create tasks so that I can track the things I need to do.
Acceptance Criteria
- System allows the user to create tasks.
- System adds newly-created task to default project when the user first opens 
  the app.

User Story 2: Specify Task Properties
As a user, I want to specify properties for any task so that I can better track 
the things I need to do.
Acceptance Criteria
- System allows the user to specify the following properties for any task: 
  title, description, due date, and priority.

User Story 3: Create Projects
As a user, I want to create projects so that I can group related tasks.
Acceptance Criteria
- System allows the user to create projects.
- System allows the user to specify associated project when creating a task.

User Story 4: View Projects
As a user, I want to view all my projects so that I can easily navigate between 
different sets of tasks.
Acceptance Criteria
- System allows the user to view all projects

User Story 5: View Tasks
As a user, I want to view all tasks in a project so that I can more easily 
manage my tasks.
Acceptance Criteria
- System allows the user to view all tasks in any project.

User Story 6: View Task Details
As a user, I want to view detailed information for a task so that I can 
understand its specific requirements.
Acceptance Criteria
- System allow the user to view additional information of any task in a project.

User Story 7: Edit Tasks
As a user, I want to edit tasks so that I can update or correct task 
information.
Acceptance Criteria
- System allow the user to edit the following properties for any task: title, 
  description, due date, priority, notes, and checklist.

User Story 8: Mark Tasks as 'Complete'
As a user, I want to mark tasks as 'Complete' so that I can focus on the
remaining tasks.
Acceptance Criteria
- System allows the user to mark any task as complete.

User Story 9: Delete Tasks
As a user, I want to delete tasks so that I can remove those which are no longer
relevant.
Acceptance Criteria
- System allows the user to delete any task.

User Story 10: View Tasks Due Today
As a user, I want to view tasks which are due today so that I can more easily 
manage my tasks.
- System allows the user to view tasks which are due today.

User Story 11: View Tasks Due This Week
As a user, I want to view tasks which are due this week so that I can more 
easily manage my tasks.
- System allows the user to view tasks which are due this week.

User Story 12: Task Persistence
As a user, I want to have my tasks loaded when I re-open the app so that I don't
lose my data.
Acceptance Criteria
- System persists all tasks.

User Story 13: Project Persistence
As a user, I want to have my projects loaded when I re-open the app so that I 
don't lose my data.
Acceptance Criteria
- System persists all projects.

User Story 14: UI/UX
As a user, I want the app to have a pleasing UI/UX so that I find it enjoyable
to use.